first let us write to function isVowel which checks
If the given character is a vowel or not this
simply compares input character with each vowel and if any
of the comparison is true it will return true
Otherwise it returns false
Now let us write our recursive function countVowels
which takes the String str and its end index
n as parameters and it returns the result which will
be an integer first in the function we need to
write the base case
That is when n is less than zero then so write if n is
less than 0 return 0 Otherwise check
If the character at end index n is a Vowel
If it is we need to call the function
recursively by passing the string
Excluding the last character that is str and n minus
one and we need to add one to it as
the character at last index was vowel
So write if isVowel of str of n then
return one plus countvowels of str coma n minus
one else if if it is not a vowel just
called the function with str and n minus one
so write else return countVowels of str coma
n minus one that's it we implemented recursive logic.